[FIX] change remaining latin expressions (etc and i.e.) (#628)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/02-common-principles.md

    `func` (task based and resting state functional MRI),
    `dwi` (diffusion weighted imaging),
    `fmap` (field inhomogeneity mapping data such as field maps),

>     `anat` (structural imaging such as T1, T2, and so on),

Reviewer: Reads like "T3, T4, ..."

```suggestion
    `anat` (structural imaging such as T1, T2, PD, and so on),
```

which would suffer if an external repository would not be available anymore.
This specification currently does not go into the details of
recommending a particular naming scheme for including different types of

> source data (such as the raw event logs, parameter files and equivalent generated before conversion to BIDS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
source data (such as the raw event logs or parameter files, before conversion to BIDS).
```

    however, also be stored under different subfolders. There are few restrictions on
    the directory names; it is RECOMMENDED to use the format `<pipeline>-<variant>` in
    cases where it is anticipated that the same pipeline will output more than one variant (e.g.,

>     `AFNI-blurring`, `AFNI-noblurring`, and so on). For the sake of consistency, the

Reviewer: If we have "for example", we can just drop "etc".

```suggestion
    `AFNI-blurring`, `AFNI-noblurring`).
    For the sake of consistency, the
```

1.  Under a `derivatives/` subfolder in the root of the source BIDS dataset
    folder to make a clear distinction between raw data and results of data
    processing. 
    A data processing pipeline will typically have a dedicated directory
    under which it stores all of its outputs. 
    Different components of a pipeline can, however, also be stored under different 
    subfolders. 
    There are few restrictions on the directory names; it is RECOMMENDED to use the format `<pipeline>-<variant>` in cases where it is anticipated that the same pipeline 

>     will output more than one variant (for example, `AFNI-blurring`, 
>     `AFNI-noblurring`, and so on). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    will output more than one variant (for example, `AFNI-blurring` and 
    `AFNI-noblurring`). 
```

## The Inheritance Principle

> Any metadata file (`.json`, `.bvec`, `.tsv` and so on) may be defined at any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any metadata file (such as `.json`, `.bvec` or `.tsv`) may be defined at any
```

There is no notion of "unsetting" a key/value pair.
Once a key/value pair is set in a given level in the dataset, lower down in
the hierarchy that key/value pair will always have some assigned value.
Files for a particular participant can exist only at participant level directory, 

> that is `/dataset/sub-*[/ses-*]/sub-*_T1w.json`. Similarly, any file that is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that is, `/dataset/sub-*[/ses-*]/sub-*_T1w.json`. Similarly, any file that is not
```

### Tabular files

> Tabular data MUST be saved as tab delimited values (`.tsv`) files, meaning CSV

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tabular data MUST be saved as tab delimited values (`.tsv`) files, that is, CSV
```

## Participant names and other labels

BIDS allows for custom user-defined `<label>`s and `<index>`es e.g.,

> for naming of participants, sessions, acquisition schemes, and so forth. Note

Reviewer: Drop. (follows e.g.)

> for naming of participants, sessions, acquisition schemes, and so forth. Note

Author: ```suggestion
for naming of participants, sessions, acquisition schemes. Note
```
